Divorce? Why don’t you shut up?
Don’t you have some self-knowledge yet?
Are only top figures like Mr. Qin worthy of me?
The resources Master Qin brought to me this time are extremely important.
In the future, I can’t let anyone know that my results are not up to par.
You are just a personal takeaway. Takeaway.
In order to wish you fame, I gave up my name as a member.
I learned great skills in high school. I will give you a test,
This includes Dianzang Huaxia, which you are about to host now.
The special stage is all written by me.
These are in your words,
Don’t you know everything?
Know that I'm sorry for you
The money that has been tested over the years
I will return it to you with all my strength
You go ashore and show off your ugly face first
Our five-year relationship
Just those two cold words from you